As Your Highness expected
This poison concubine really went to report to the fitness
And the emperor sent a hanging order
He said he was going to change rooms for Donggong
To transfer away all the current experience seems
Seriousness does have a hidden barrier in the palace
Such a favorable position is certainly not low
No wonder I can hide my father around my neck
Know nothing about these things
When the emperor
It must be someone from the emperor's relatives
Everything went according to plan
Put out my only marital message
As he wishes
If you can call away from the East Palace Restricted Area, call from
Only two people are enough to crush all opponents
Yes
Does Your Highness really not need to arrange manpower to protect you?
This Zhao Hui'er and Yan Song
Most likely to constitute an enemy
They have enormous power in their hands.
Concubine power not restored
I'm afraid it's hard to mix well.
Hey, don't worry.
Turn Donggong into an unguarded fat
Let the hungry wolf naturally be tempted
If the concubine is alive
I will not let His Highness be hurt
The annual fragrance can be determined
The useless prince will die tonight
Absolutely.
Hahaha good
I arrange people to exchange rooms as friends
Remove the general lights
Now the lights are empty
You have to hurry up
The emperor's side is all mine
What news do you not understand?
The little girl has gone retrograde.
The prince has a unique resonance
Vomit blood three times in front of him
And the longitude and latitude of the Eastern Palace
It was also transferred according to your arrangement, hahaha.